In this course, you'll use the highly available constructs within
AWS to create highly available and resilient systems and networks.
You'll build resources in the different regions and
availability zones that make up the backbone of AWS Cloud.
Next, you'll design and build resilient and scalable solutions within AWS,
application services that allow for resiliency and geographic scalability.
Then, you'll explore connection between
all these technical aspects and business operations and objectives.
Understanding this relationship is key to delivering results for the whole organization.
Finally, you'll practice what to do when things fail.
Things will fail, and here you'll gain knowledge and
skills to watch for and react to system failures.